fix: Add cockpit.cfg to fix full flap angle in ext view (#3928)
flybywiresim/a32nx: .github/CHANGELOG.md

1. [MCDU] Fixed options page text overlap - @MisterChocker (Leon)
1. [CDU] Reworked Flight Phase system - @MisterChocker (Leon)
1. [MISC] Fixed button labels not showing when unlit - @ImenesFBW (Imenes)

> 1. [EXT VIEW] Adds cockpit.cfg and fixes flaps full angle in external view - @donstim (donbikes#4084)

Reviewer: IMO I would put this as `MISC` instead of `EXT VIEW`
```suggestion
1. [MISC] Add cockpit.cfg and fixes flaps full angle in external view - @donstim (donbikes#4084)
```
